Add release note for `1.2.51` release (#9011)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/1.2.x-release-notes/1.2.51.md

---
layout: ballerina-left-nav-release-notes
title: 1.2.50
permalink: /downloads/1.2.x-release-notes/1.2.50/
active: 1.2.50
redirect_from:
    - /downloads/1.2.x-release-notes/
---

### Overview of jBallerina 1.2.51

> The jBallerina 1.2.51 patch release improves upon the 1.2.50 release by updating the java docker version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The jBallerina 1.2.51 patch release improves upon the 1.2.50 release by updating the Java API Client for Docker(docker-java).
```
